Gwenevere Abriel: Find a spot, open up a note, while you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleep.
Happen.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I think I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think we've got almost here almost together.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're my volume down
Let me get my volume back up.
Laura’s iPhone: For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in Santa Fe.
Laura’s iPhone: New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Laura’s iPhone: That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, I mean, let me do a little. I got to update your note change date.
Gwenevere Abriel: So about. Let me see. What time is it good nine
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw you checked in and I saw you waiting. But, um, and then what do you do fall back asleep.
Laura’s iPhone: Not going off and I
Laura’s iPhone: Should not investing it all out and then like I looked down like oh yesterday.
Laura’s iPhone: I hold on.
Looks
Laura’s iPhone: Like I hit like little you know not. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The time the 845 I've been reminding people to get into virtual clinic 15 minutes early so you did great. You were awesome and I saw you came into my waiting room but um I had, I had a client at seven and eight o'clock this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I saw you. I just couldn't quite I couldn't
Laura’s iPhone: Well, you're good.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to tell everybody. I'm, I'm in Santa Fe, but I'm like out in off 14 so this like this kind of sketchy kind of black QA twilight zone area for Wi Fi and connection. So sometimes my texts, don't go through
Laura’s iPhone: If something goes up.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we don't, if I don't respond to you right away. We may need to go old school and either call each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or use email.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did. I did. I don't know. What did you
Laura’s iPhone: Said that he said that if you don't respond to me, we might need you.
Laura’s iPhone: Know, or
Gwenevere Abriel: Or call or call
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay, so
Laura’s iPhone: How did that affect your number you're like out of state or whatever.
Laura’s iPhone: My area.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't make a difference. I mean, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today is really bad. It
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't this morning. Right. It didn't I had wonder, too, if it had to do with barometric pressure or elevation or something but
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't seem to it acts up in Florida and accept here. I used to live here. I lived here for two years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't figure it out. I know it's annoying.
Laura’s iPhone: I think it's cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my god ah
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, thank you. So let me see. I didn't worried about you. Because we had this hit that I was going to see you twice a week, and I was you in group and you just have not been there, are you
Laura’s iPhone: Know, are you waiting us, are you
Laura’s iPhone: What do you do, like, Well, you know,
Laura’s iPhone: I haven't so. Okay. Can you comment on a fight, whatever, and then talk to them last night or the night before. And then I'm
Laura’s iPhone: Going
Laura’s iPhone: To call
Laura’s iPhone: My dad. I was going to find it so
Laura’s iPhone: No.
Laura’s iPhone: I was like five minutes late with thinking for a change program on Google zoom
Laura’s iPhone: And it wouldn't let me in the group.
Laura’s iPhone: And I was only five minutes late. Right, well I so I I emailed us and what happened was with my new my new iPhone. I had not done it. You mean right
Laura’s iPhone: Right, so I whenever you first do the google it goes like, you know, allow microphone headset whenever I hit the client. So, it changed my settings to like
Laura’s iPhone: Well, I'm already like two minutes late. I think it was for 234 Well whenever I went to a change to my studying they totally can do right
Laura’s iPhone: Changed my settings to allow it my way. And they will get back to people do at that point. It's like five, four or five maybe and I you know about the video setup and I saw the title I saw
Laura’s iPhone: A grandmother came up for maybe two seconds and then kicked me out. And then it says the host a meeting on time. If you're out of
Laura’s iPhone: The client access or whatever.
Laura’s iPhone: And I should try it again. I thought it was a mistake.
Laura’s iPhone: tried again. And I was like, Okay, well let me email him emailed her about it and explain to him what happened and then I called evolution group. And I said, you know,
Laura’s iPhone: Can you try and get a hold of them. And so they said, Okay, they try to get ahold of her and in the bottom that I was late to the meeting. So she wasn't gonna
Laura’s iPhone: You know that me and I said, that's fine. I said, like, you know, on, could you can you bring explain to her. That's not in the lady at evolution group.
Laura’s iPhone: Said, Well, why don't you just leave a voicemail. I'm going to send you don't want your voice, man. You know, that's why. Like I would sound better, am I, it's fine. So he sent me a voicemail after voicemail. And then I emailed her
Laura’s iPhone: And told her I was trying to be rude. I was trying to be disrespectful. I wasn't trying to not go to the glue it really wasn't. It was a technical mishaps. You know, I accept button, whatever. It's a new folder and then, um, I went ahead. My ex my few
Laura’s iPhone: And I told him what happened. And then I had my federal individual yesterday and I have a letter of that too by the way it was from 10 to 11am i doing I'm
Laura’s iPhone: But I'm veteran individual on on hold to worry about it too. She just doesn't get it submitted checkerboard over to make sure that I am. And, you know, attending the meeting or whatever every month. And I told her about you and she said you did everything
Laura’s iPhone: She said, You know, I never was kind of a reassurance that I would. Okay, at least.
Laura’s iPhone: And then do I even said, she must have been having a bad day. Like there's probably a lot more. I wasn't just us.
Laura’s iPhone: Being up to that, you know, as I get it, but still I but I get it. So I wait. You know, I get
Laura’s iPhone: I can't really blame her for not letting me in the group and then she's on why can't, considering you called you, you know, emailed you. I mean, if you just blew it off you thrown off, you're gonna blow it off so
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura, that's one piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another piece is
Gwenevere Abriel: So you I don't know what all you got going on the day. Right. I can't picture, but you do, you know, you have all of these things that you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I really wanted to meet with you twice a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened that you, you couldn't keep the, the one
Laura’s iPhone: I haven't had my idol it in some alarm will happen. So, but now that I have my iPhone. I think that everything in the you know how never fallen out of favor. I thought it and think of the tables over here at Kyle, so I didn't know what
Laura’s iPhone: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's make a hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's Make a Deal. One of the reasons why I don't really
Gwenevere Abriel: Advocate or push
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a parent role like I don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like to do it for a little while, where I kind of hold your hand a little bit more around making sure you get these appointments. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because you're not intelligent that it's not that it's that you have so much going on.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to do what I want to do in vivo, which means now I want to get it all set up in your phone now.
Laura’s iPhone: I agree. I think it's a great idea because now I haven't found that actually works. Yeah, so
Laura’s iPhone: Okay, you have that phone right
Laura’s iPhone: So what, how can be used for like
Laura’s iPhone: Location ship.
Laura’s iPhone: Oh reminders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I use the, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know I just use
Gwenevere Abriel: Clock. The word has the clock.
Laura’s iPhone: So I go
Gwenevere Abriel: I go to clock and then I get in here and I have all these little alarms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you go to a plus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plus, and then I'm going to set a new
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can
Gwenevere Abriel: You Missed, missed
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's we got it now I've got some other challenges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because Friday, June 5 I am in a training.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's some constraints there.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, I really think you would benefit from. Let's put this one in can hear me okay
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put in. I really think you'd enjoy this this this group on June 4
Gwenevere Abriel: At 11
Gwenevere Abriel: I have I have people in my 7am at this point. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be able to see you for individual therapy on that day. Let's get you into this group, you've been in IT BEFORE THE 11am group. So what you want to do is set the alarm for like either 1030 or 1045 and what that means is you're going into virtual clinic at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would set it for 1040
Gwenevere Abriel: And put a check in to group as your title of your alarm.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's June 4 1040 in the morning and the actual. I don't know if you want to put it in the, in the name of the, let me see how did, how did they do it the label would be a 11am group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is Laura.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just have it repeat. I'll just have you in there because right now I've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Enough people in my 7am so we should be okay. I needed you in there, but we'll just. We'll go with this for now because I want to be able to see you. But you got to be able to see me on that Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to keep talking. We're going to keep working it out. So you're going to be here. We got that one set and that one's on repeat you I have it. You go to repeat, you put a checkmark YOU HIT THE WORD REPEAT and you hit every Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the very first option on there because it looks like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so in the repeats going to be you have to hit this and then it'll be every Thursday, and then you hit you hit a checkmark for Thursday, like that.
Mm hmm.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, okay.
Laura’s iPhone: Be a change
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and it's group.
Laura’s iPhone: What's the problem is
Laura’s iPhone: That I can't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so right, you got to pick one. You can hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one I like.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one. What about this one. Presto. Presto.
Gwenevere Abriel: Presto.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one's really quiet. Do you tend to hear higher pitch sounds
Laura’s iPhone: It sounds wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't, okay, you need deep
Gwenevere Abriel: That was bell tower women want to try and find a way to warn
Laura’s iPhone: Her
Gwenevere Abriel: You need a decent
Motorcycle
Gwenevere Abriel: Motorcycle you think
Gwenevere Abriel: You need a deep, I'm looking for
Gwenevere Abriel: Say the word again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Play time
Laura’s iPhone: Some of the first part of
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now go to June 2
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you already doing the thinking for change that day.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any chance you could get up early at 810
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So you'd have to get up at you'd have to check in by eight.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And again, I'll try and give a text reminder, the day before. But again, my they don't always go through if you do receive a text, let me know. So I know hey, she got the reminder. So I'm going to put you in for June 2
Gwenevere Abriel: At 810 it's right after that 7am group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'll see you there. You want to you want to set the alarm for like maybe 755, something like that.
Laura’s iPhone: Um,
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah. Bad what's mo avoid while try
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright. So, then we've got that. So we've got individual therapy June 2 we've got group on June 4
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Laura’s iPhone: Going to work today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, Tuesday. Tuesday. Yes.
Laura’s iPhone: Eight to 10 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye. See you said 757 50
Laura’s iPhone: So every Tuesday. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Laura’s iPhone: Well, I mean, I really like this in order to have
Laura’s iPhone: Repeating for next
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, in fact, we can right now. I have it open, so we can keep it that way for a little while, so we can have a repeat
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me let me. Can you come back to me so I can see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you you look
Gwenevere Abriel: You look
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Laura’s iPhone: Wants to do a long
Laura’s iPhone: Time I know anything. Didn't whenever
Laura’s iPhone: I think that being said,
Laura’s iPhone: You don't do it anyways.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's messing with. It's not just that it's
Laura’s iPhone: Missing what's
Laura’s iPhone: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you end up fighting with Kyle, it messes with your sleep.
Eating
Gwenevere Abriel: Shopping all probation. It has a domino
Laura’s iPhone: Not good.
Laura’s iPhone: The good news.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when was
Gwenevere Abriel: So this last week. You had no no mass. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking more more Suboxone in your
Laura’s iPhone: Um, I mean, I take a shrimp and a half. And, you know, the, I think the bigger half and and I don't use the other small portion and you know you're
You're
Gwenevere Abriel: Using less than what is prescribed, what do you
Laura’s iPhone: Know I'm using my tiny
Laura’s iPhone: I get my best quotes about some different hat and have to do the one and a half trips with everyone bigger I'll take a bigger half and then you know the next round are usually to take the other strings when it happened that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're taking less scribe
Laura’s iPhone: No, no, I'm thinking, like, five days instead of like, so what am I
Laura’s iPhone: So whatever stupid bigger like after I split it in half. I'll take that learning. Okay, not, not a big deal but
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, every
Laura’s iPhone: Day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every eight that tiny little thing is is a hologram.
Laura’s iPhone: So it might be
Gwenevere Abriel: A big thing, it might actually be that you're messing with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: two milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Going up and down each day.
So I think it does matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just show
Gwenevere Abriel: That yeah let me talk to you about it just for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to draw this strap. Okay. And so first, first, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: This. So, this is four milligrams and four milligrams. This is an eight milligram strip
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: So right so that's for this is
Gwenevere Abriel: And then each one of these. This right here is too.
That's too long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ass so I
Laura’s iPhone: Think you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna give yourself some withdrawal symptoms if you keep going up and down like that.
Laura’s iPhone: I should I should literally cut and dry humping hospital because
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because this is what you can then look what I did, then I so then I cut it.
Laura’s iPhone: Takes so I'm doing that. And that's why you go say tapering down
Laura’s iPhone: Once you begin to
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, 123456788 pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, look, eight
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your prescribed. Let me see, what does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Take
Gwenevere Abriel: Until you're stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you not touch that. I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awful. It really hurts so but listen. Um, so, you haven't used any stimulant.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really about
Gwenevere Abriel: The argument that you had with Kyle.
Laura’s iPhone: That's what threw you off the swimming. Yeah.
Laura’s iPhone: Not excuse, though not I need to get over and you know
Laura’s iPhone: It was just kind of like
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Laura, can you show up tomorrow at eight.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, I didn't put that
Gwenevere Abriel: Alarm
Gwenevere Abriel: With me for
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe 754 seven
Laura’s iPhone: Boy Yeah, like I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a new alarm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or setting a new and a new appointment tomorrow Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so seven. There's nobody going to be here. So you don't have to do it too early, like 750
Gwenevere Abriel: And this will be our second appointment. This week we will have accomplished that. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so now we have tomorrow at 750 you set an alarm to meet with me.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll send you a text tonight to remind
Laura’s iPhone: Also, okay.
Laura’s iPhone: Are you are you in bed. Remember for a reason, or your
Gwenevere Abriel: Family
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a good reason. Don't you think
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, the regular
Laura’s iPhone: Very often, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: So I am seeing you are you are taking in some calories. So that's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this, I mean, I wish it was more like a fruit smoothie something healthier.
Laura’s iPhone: So I already had two or three earlier. I never know how and everybody listening ear and a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me have it. What made you so jealous.
Laura’s iPhone: Just doing just
Laura’s iPhone: How very nice. Okay. Very generous and noting, you know, he just he can't. I'm not saying you can't say no. But his band leaders at all levels, you know, and he just like he has a heart for people that don't have a home and my thing is I haven't worked
Laura’s iPhone: Until
Laura’s iPhone: To do like is pretty much taken advantage of, you know, anything is found in mind. Take advantage of him. He was just, you know, being helpful and the students straight up Linus Pauling us like idiots. And I don't know, I just got tired of, you know, I left him with
Laura’s iPhone: Why do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you label that
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: That you were jealous. Why do you think that was because I'm not hearing jealousy from I'm not hearing jealousy, I'm hearing something else. Why do you label it jealousy
Laura’s iPhone: Because I oh
Laura’s iPhone: Good one.
Laura’s iPhone: I guess because like
Laura’s iPhone: I guess I was I was jealous of him because of my
Laura’s iPhone: Attention. They're giving him, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Well, we can go with that. But
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, oh man, what a day. What if this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cleaning the dishes doing the laundry. I'm mopping put in a new deck painted the new walls, clean the toilet. What if he was helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would that same jealousy have been there. If that man.
Laura’s iPhone: No, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe what you register as jealousy is the sense of someone is violating a boundary. Notice, you said that word earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: This what's this this homeless dude's name.
Laura’s iPhone: Flow.
Flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a dude.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like flow writer.
Laura’s iPhone: I know his name is Anthony flowers so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I guess that's cute. I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: If flow was sharing in responsibility and giving back maybe you wouldn't have taken on what Kyle couldn't take on which is a healthy boundary is what Kyle may have needed to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, hey, if you can stay here, you can have free housing for 48 hours. I'll give you three three meals, but I'd like you to do this, this, this and this.
Oh, yeah.
Laura’s iPhone: That's all Robin and also it was more or less like I said it was just that he was promising as I'm understanding to go do
Laura’s iPhone: Some caching, a little bit, bro. And then you know saying like, Hey, can I borrow money and you know I'm thinking I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna do that.
Laura’s iPhone: I know better, you know, oh Kyle, you know, of course, even like $10 during our grid and then like he he visited one of our yard, like, just like randomly pick up trash around
Laura’s iPhone: And it was just a little stuff, you know, but it all adds up. And it's like, I wouldn't want someone like me the shower, I wouldn't go into someone's house like maybe is all out and like you know open like
Laura’s iPhone: To race or what
You'd like
Laura’s iPhone: But
Laura’s iPhone: You just had no sense of like respect right
Gwenevere Abriel: Kyle, the very thing that you love about Kyle his generosity.
Laura’s iPhone: Big Heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the very thing that is annoying you right now.
Yeah.
Laura’s iPhone: I guess I also, I guess, dogs here so I going off my chest and I was like okay well Marcus. Marcus. Marcus is one of my friends or whatever.
Laura’s iPhone: I'm I'm at movies with my mint com and like rockers. And I'm never going to never been like that, but he's the guy right and you know well Marcus and kind of our, kind of like a little bit of a battle like page.
Laura’s iPhone: And, um, and a half. And the reason is because margus, I guess.
Laura’s iPhone: Is not a screwed over cowboy kind of screwed over kind of like a little bit in essence of, like, you know, not paying them back.
Laura’s iPhone: So whatever
Laura’s iPhone: The thing is like in my head, I guess, that doesn't, you know, hitting him do it to me. So, it's okay. But here's the thing of it was good. I know for a fact that I'd be pissed off with how I cannot. I mean, if you
Laura’s iPhone: If you want what the difference. Also, I would love to get
So I
Gwenevere Abriel: had it to do over
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing what you know now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And using I feel statements.
Gwenevere Abriel: To say to Kyle when you heard. Hey, Kitty when you heard
Gwenevere Abriel: That whoa was invited
Laura’s iPhone: He knocked on the window and my body.
Laura’s iPhone: And causes like what I do on my for dawn and welcome to the window. It's like I'm like what
Laura’s iPhone: Or sit there like your dad growing up again. We weren't so when a man, and then he had like $10 or more, like, oh yeah, it's good to drink hot beverages, or whatever, my boy, I want a drink, but like, Yo, you got money because at that point, you'd already owe money.
Laura’s iPhone: So, you know, he stayed for a little bit. And my thought was, he could say during to include. You know what I mean. And it just like that.
Laura’s iPhone: So,
Laura’s iPhone: That he could stay over because the OH.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so this is you're right about the boundary. That's definitely going on.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in and in a drug culture in a street life that's normal. You knock on the window. You say, What's up, you want to get high.
Laura’s iPhone: Like that. Yeah, exactly. That's
Laura’s iPhone: The industry like thank you for saying that. Thank you.
Laura’s iPhone: And that's why I told him that I thought I don't want and he's all why I said wall because you don't knocking for render at
3am
Gwenevere Abriel: But in that other culture you do
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I'm already up like
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, and nothing is that not and that's what I don't want to be out until like if you're gonna do that. Okay, thank you. Now you can run from ok
Laura’s iPhone: Now we're getting somewhere. So that's why I love because that whole situation happened and it was just, okay. And the thing is, I'm sorry, I'm on track. Right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you you just saw that I get your point, I have felt this way, the whole time I get your side.
Gwenevere Abriel: From the very moment you you describe what's going on with flow.
Laura’s iPhone: You
Gwenevere Abriel: YOU OH NO ONE a place to stay. YOU OH NO ONE rescuing you are busy trying to rescue yourself right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I, if I absolutely had to save everyone
Gwenevere Abriel: When does it stop. How many flows, can I have three people stay with me I need all my food. Well, what about for well how am I, how am I going to turn away the fifth person. Well, why not 10 why him because the first one wasn't okay to begin with know
Gwenevere Abriel: If this is something going on with Kyle about he doesn't know his own boundary. He doesn't know how to say no.
I agree.
Laura’s iPhone: I'm worried about
Laura’s iPhone: My doors, but I don't have time for that. Right, so I'm not trying to be selfish or whatever, but I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's my question. Here comes my question, and I'm choking myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is Kyle So real quick, just yes no just Kyle think therapy is stupid and a waste of your time. Yes. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is Kyle think that
Gwenevere Abriel: Your end up kind of going back to that life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, okay, so he believes in you.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he believes that this when you say I've got to do the right thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: For probation. Does he expected in
Gwenevere Abriel: Some ways
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, give me three that he shows you respect that you are have to follow rules for probation. How does it
Laura’s iPhone: hinders on my back. He doesn't allow people to like hang out a lot.
Laura’s iPhone: And I'm gonna let me get back and I myself went over my friend sent me up. He's like, hey, what HELPFUL LIKE TO BE THERE. I'll be there navigator, and as I hey wait maybe you shouldn't
Laura’s iPhone: We shouldn't have a bra right now cuz you gotta think about it. I'm like, yeah, you're right.
Laura’s iPhone: You're right.
Laura’s iPhone: They will need to write songs and I'm all people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one.
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't let
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative people street people hang out. But that's not 100% of the time.
Laura’s iPhone: How often
Gwenevere Abriel: How often does he let that negative people just that one time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Laura’s iPhone: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this was over $10
Yeah.
Laura’s iPhone: Like me, but
Laura’s iPhone: When I was like, well, if you get $10 from drink muscles like oh
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Help me understand this.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's about money, then why not hand the $10 through the
Laura’s iPhone: Window. He didn't tell us through the window. I wanted him to get in the house.
Laura’s iPhone: To talk to us before he because he was not gonna, we're not on my car that goes up as much as what a man
Laura’s iPhone: You know, I don't know, I'm
Laura’s iPhone: Just like no man will talk to them and that's where I kind of messed up is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: If we can we can turn gets here.
Laura’s iPhone: Was a normal region.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. That's right. There's the door for raising this is
Laura’s iPhone: A facade. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's two in the morning. It's too late to to hang out. We can hang out tomorrow for lunch, or maybe you know at five o'clock. But what did you want flow. Oh, I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh good, because you only at. That's a good
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a good start.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's a boundary, you stop in
Gwenevere Abriel: The morning get in trouble, waiting to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you forget. Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you're protecting your probation. Did you forget
Laura’s iPhone: What that was how I live honestly okay but but
Gwenevere Abriel: He's got when he
Laura’s iPhone: Was born
Laura’s iPhone: I was just thinking, okay, how does this mean, I don't know, kind of better wake up was just getting in here like I just didn't want to do think that that was my phone. And the thing is, I'm not. I don't know how loud it is, you know,
Laura’s iPhone: I don't know how I'm using. So it's like, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I know. So here's the problem. So here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You made a decision. Where was Kyle in all of this was he still
Laura’s iPhone: No, no, he's going to talk to you on that because I didn't even hear phone or no I can't ship.
Laura’s iPhone: Oh, awesome power a photo. Now, my wife, the flow to know
Laura’s iPhone: Any like yes
Laura’s iPhone: I
Laura’s iPhone: Like once a month, I
Laura’s iPhone: Mean like what's up.
Laura’s iPhone: I guess I'll talk to you on a roll. And I'm like, Well, I'm in here. I don't want to hear him or whatever and you're not already like people out, like, no.
Laura’s iPhone: We're not doing this is not available to anyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's where
Gwenevere Abriel: It broke down at let him in. How about just open the door, talk with him. That's where it broke down, I would say, right, having kept it at the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: You still with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like to talk to Kyle ahead of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: About what boundaries look like while you're on probation.
Laura Lujan: We kind of already have that slide. But like I said, it was just I mess up a new game I got that I'm at all. I missed that. I should not have maybe
Laura Lujan: I should have said, we'll tell them kick off. It's night time in the morning, but my thought was, I was worried about kind of sad. The whole time and I'm thinking, oh my god, I don't want to do something, you know,
Laura Lujan: We know and it wasn't worth it to me like Chris, how about making them out of respect because again it
Gwenevere Abriel: But Kyle could have remembered when you forgot Kyle could have remembered he could have remembered. Oh, if someone comes knocking on the door in the middle of the night. Yeah, that's not appropriate. He could have remembered when you forgot. And he didn't remember either right
Laura Lujan: Where he is right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's a team. You guys are working as a team.
Laura Lujan: I'm sure
Gwenevere Abriel: There's things you do for him to you help him remember things and he helps you remember things
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alarms in his phone alarms in your phone sticky notes on the fridge and talking about what boundaries are what boundaries look like in on a probation status and in recovery.
Laura Lujan: Or whatever you show me that chart. And I don't think it's funny because I took a picture right and I look on his phone and I don't know what to buy and he's all this and I'm like, oh, it's the thing
Laura Lujan: Picture with one he's all. Hey, hey, and he read the whole thing right and you know you know you and I'm like, I know, I know, I know. And, you know, like actually pop rock. I'm like, I know in this conversation with me about
Gwenevere Abriel: The boundaries and stuff. Let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, I know finish your sentences with the
Gwenevere Abriel: I knows finished those thoughts.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you mean by I know
Laura Lujan: Like okay so
Laura Lujan: He thing. You know that, like we do all the things that I know. I know we do like folder, like, you know, I'm here to support
Laura Lujan: Because, like, we already know that we do. And if I didn't know
Laura Lujan: I knew that I didn't know
Laura Lujan: I didn't know. And so that's why I understand, generally, honestly I didn't realize I was on your phone. Yeah.
Laura Lujan: You know, literally everything in the old like chart I was doing wrong all about, you know, I can get with them as approach or anything as a good way to start like. Finally, I guess what the figure out what's the orange.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the reasons why I asked you how Kyle is around boundaries and about his what's called ego strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know, because I didn't know if you to if he thinks therapy is a waste of time. That's okay. A lot of people do, but
Gwenevere Abriel: If he was ever interested in sitting with you like this, if there's ever anything you want to talk to him about with me here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome to do a couple's intervention with me. I can be there with you if something comes up. Did you know
Cool.
Laura Lujan: Thank you. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So this might be something to think about with him. You may say, yeah, you don't have to. She's not going to be our therapist will always be mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: she'll always be my therapist, but part of my stress is our relationship and she wants me to feel centered and. Okay. And when we are in this agreement and disharmony I get really upset and so she wants me to kind of be chill if. Hey, Carl, would you ever be interested in
Laura Lujan: She wants to know the way to voice it no
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she wants to teach us of really basic a communication skills. She's not going to do therapy. She just wants to teach us both the same communication skills so that we can have healthier, more productive arguments.
Laura Lujan: That until they get, like, you know,
Laura Lujan: Like
Laura Lujan: Like, I don't think it's not like you're throwing out whenever I stop. Are you. Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't say that again. I didn't
Laura Lujan: I always say don't worry my never argue with you but worry about whatever stop arguing with you.
Laura Lujan: Then you have fallen, like, you know, because you know you're not worth fighting more
Laura Lujan: You know anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's how
You
Gwenevere Abriel: How you argue the way this works is, once you guys both have these I feel skills and mirroring and then the validation skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: What takes days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take can take like 10 minutes or 15 minutes for a disagreement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over with really fast and you can get back to being friends again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's efficient.
Laura Lujan: Oh my god.
Laura Lujan: Oh my god, look at this point in time that the problem that we're having right now is like Kyle bad guys are fighting and I don't like that. Like that. And that's why, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's you're in. So Laura, Laura. That is, you're in. Hey, Kyle, my therapist has an idea for us to be able to work on our arguing, so it doesn't escalate because I don't want your dad to kick me out.
Laura Lujan: Or
Laura Lujan: You think I heard
Laura Lujan: You think of
Gwenevere Abriel: A way to sell the idea to him.
Laura Lujan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys don't have to talk about anything important to you, you could talk about a toothpaste on a to cap it doesn't matter of what we talked about
Laura Lujan: The argument.
Laura Lujan: That all the parts right
Gwenevere Abriel: So right the content doesn't matter. I can teach the skills and we can be talking about red is a better color than blue
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, duh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's right. There's no
Gwenevere Abriel: I like blue
Laura Lujan: I didn't hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love blue
Gwenevere Abriel: But I also like red. I like both. There's no but um so. Okay. How are you feeling after today. How you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: Better. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm glad we connected. I've done this morning that you you work in a show up.
Laura Lujan: Sign sign in, or whatever it in my phone like
Laura Lujan: My iPhone is that to where it doesn't ever like, close the screen like, you know what I mean.
Laura Lujan: Okay, like, you know, like it goes like they're gonna be like five minutes or whatever. But it's where it'll come up screen heard ever lost the screen. I don't like that. So I always tend to work on or so my phone.
Laura Lujan: Oh, so then I'm a plug in, in 910 you're like oh
Laura Lujan: My god. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So real quick, double check your alarm for tomorrow because that's a big deal in my side too. I want to be there when I know you're going to be there.
Laura Lujan: But my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it has the check mark for Saturday.
Laura Lujan: And it's for 757 52 but yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's am
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And you've got turned. What about the volume on the side of phone is it turned all the way up.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, it's on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is up high, the buttons on the right hand side, the volume.
Laura Lujan: Time. Yeah. And so the little red thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. Yeah. Yeah.
Laura Lujan: There should be
Gwenevere Abriel: No read. You don't want to read you want it to not
Have
Laura Lujan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Alright, so I'll see you tomorrow. And are you out of medication.
Laura Lujan: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So then I'll see you tomorrow. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to talk to file. See if he wants to even come in and say hi.
Laura Lujan: Okay, I'll talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all right, sweetie. I'll see you tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.